HELM-341: Documentation formatting cleanup (#484)
OpenNMS/opennms-helm: docs/modules/reference/pages/how-to-build-with-docker.adoc

> = Build With Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Build with Docker
```

== Simple build

The source can be compiled from source with a Docker builder image.

[source, console]
----
docker build -t myopennmshelmimage .
----

will checkout the source from GitHub URL of the project, compile and installs the plugin.

> The result is a runnable image which can be executed with

Reviewer 2: Should this still be included? It seems like it's out of place.

Reviewer: It's a split up sentence with the code interrupting the flow. We could probably structure it better. We should create a Jira to review the entire Helm documentation set once this PR is merged.

Author: I want to take this whole page out. It's fairly outdated and refers to docker examples for Horizon 19.

docker run -p 3000:3000 -t myopennmshelmimage
----

> Login on `\http://your-ip:3000` with login admin:admin and go to Plugins and enable the Helm app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in on `\http://your-ip:3000` with login admin:admin and go to Plugins and enable the Helm app.
```

Modify the build arguments in the `docker-compose.yml` if you want to build from a GitHub fork, branch or version tag.

> With first running `docker-compose up -d` the Grafana OpenNMS Helm App will be compiled from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you first run `docker-compose up -d`, the Grafana OpenNMS Helm plugin will be compiled from source.
```

Any run will use the compiled image from on the local system.
If you want to rebuild the image run `docker-compose build --no-cache` to rebuild the image with the build configuration in the given `docker-compose.yml`.

The URL for the data source in Grafana for the OpenNMS Horizon server is `http://opennms:8980/opennms`.

== Docker configuration for PDF dashboard reports

> OpenNMS Horizon/Meridian includes three templates to create a PDF report from an existing Grafana dashboard (see "Creating a PDF of a Grafana Dashboard" in the Horizon/Meridian documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenNMS Horizon and Meridian include three templates to create a PDF report from an existing Grafana dashboard (see "Creating a PDF of a Grafana Dashboard" in the Horizon or Meridian documentation).
```

If you plan to use this feature and are running Helm with Docker, you must complete additional configuration.

> Refer to Grafana's https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/image_rendering/#remote-rendering-service[Remote rendering service documentation] for more information on how to set up remote rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to Grafana's https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/image_rendering/#remote-rendering-service[remote rendering service documentation] for more information on how to set up remote rendering.
```

> Additional details are available on https://github.com/grafana/grafana-image-renderer/blob/master/docs/remote_rendering_using_docker.md[GitHub].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional details are available on https://github.com/grafana/grafana-image-renderer/blob/master/docs/remote_rendering_using_docker.md[GitHub].

```

> Additional details are available on https://github.com/grafana/grafana-image-renderer/blob/master/docs/remote_rendering_using_docker.md[GitHub].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional details are available on https://github.com/grafana/grafana-image-renderer/blob/master/docs/remote_rendering_using_docker.md[GitHub].

```

Modify the build arguments in the `docker-compose.yml` if you want to build from a GitHub fork, branch or version tag.

When you first run `docker-compose up -d`, the Grafana OpenNMS Helm plugin will be compiled from source.
Any run will use the compiled image from on the local system.
If you want to rebuild the image run `docker-compose build --no-cache` to rebuild the image with the build configuration in the given `docker-compose.yml`.

> The URL for the data source in Grafana for the OpenNMS Horizon server is `\http://opennms:8980/opennms`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL for the data source in Grafana for the OpenNMS Horizon or Meridian server is `\http://opennms:8980/opennms`.
```
